The engine powering the lift revs up as you step inside.

     Seldom Used Storeroom

     You are standing in a dirty and damp storeroom, illuminated
     by a solitary bulb.  Shadows are cast about the room but you
     can see that this must be a storeroom for useless junk.
     The walls are smooth and plain except for the east
     wall which has a small access panel.  Next to the
     panel, the control module has been opened and wires protrude
     like spaghetti.

     A clunky old turbolift leads up to the storage closet.


You move from the hyperlift, and immediately the unit rushes away to assist
another dome traveler.
-10,-10,-10
Seldom Used Storeroom	[U]
220/220 126/126 1622> fiddle wires
You jiggle and fiddle and then whack the module a few times.  There is a
crackle and then the smell of burning ozone and you hear a motor groan to
life.  The access panel squeaks back on its track and you can now exit to
the east.


     A Forgotten Corridor

     This corridor has a layer of dust and dirt on its floor.
     There is a dampness in the air and you swear you can
     smell the faint odor of pine needles from the east.
     There is an access panel back to the west that looks
     almost like it may be operational.

     A half-hidden path leads roughly south to a small alcove.

Exits: west, south, east

220/220 126/126 1622> s
     Atrium Alcove

     Somehow a small portion of the larger atrium to the
     east was split off, resulting in this cozy alcove.
     There is a large tangle of growth to the east which
     makes passage to the main atrium impossible.

     There is an odd pile of rocks here, shaped like a
     large chair or throne, that may be covering a hole
     of some sort.  You might be able to squeeze through.

Exits: north

220/220 126/126 1622> enter hole
You enter a large hole.

Secret Passage

There is a hole in the ceiling you can enter to go back to the hidden
atrium. It looks tough to climb though. An odd space on the wall looks
slime free. There are rice crumbs and slime trails heading east.

Exits: east

A small weevil
Weevil

220/220 126/126 1622> look weevil

You look over the male amphibian.
This is an abnormal size weevil. It's legs have yellow and green colored
claws. Slime drools from it's mouth. This particular weevil almost looks
like it has some kind of brand on it's back, but it moves around too
quickly for you to get a clear view.  Something is wrong about this
creature.
Weevil has no missing limbs.
He is in top shape.
He is empty handed.
210,-270,-10
secret passage	[E]
220/220 126/126 1622> look small weevil
You do not notice that here.
210,-270,-10
secret passage	[E]
220/220 126/126 1622> look small weevil
You do not notice that here.
210,-270,-10
secret passage	[E]
220/220 126/126 1622> look weevil 2

You look over the male rodent.
A small little weevil scurries about, eating rice crumbs. Its small little
feet are dragging a trail of sticky slime around.
Weevil has no missing limbs.
He is in top shape.
He is empty handed.
210,-270,-10

Hidden Passage

The stench of slime fills the room. The hallway here is narrower than the
entrance of this small cave, but appears to open up further to the east.
The walls are coated with slime and pock marks.  Stalactites cover the
ceiling like sharp spikes ready to fall on you.  The ground is completely
uneven in this area, causing the pools of slime to form at odd angles and
crevices.

Exits: west, east

You hear claws raking against stone, or metal.
Three small weevils
Weevil

210,-270,-10
Hidden passage	[W|E]

Hidden Passage

Slime saturates the walls and the floor heavily here. There appears to be
several worm markings from weevils. The hallway closes together a little,
making it hard to traverse through.  You can go back to the west, or trudge
on further east.

Exits: west, east

Hidden Passage

The slime on the wall continues to thicken as you travel in the passage.
The passage curves to the south here, but there is a small barely
noticeable passage to the north..  You hear a moaning sound in the
distance. Although the walls open up more here, it's still not wide enough
for complete comfort for most individuals.

Exits: west, south, north

Abandoned Storage Room

This is an empty storage room, that would house tons of items.  It would
appear that only small mutated cockroaches are here now.  There are chains
laying all over the ground.  You gaze up reluctantly to the ceiling and
notice that there is barely any light in this room, air is blowing from
some kind of hole, but it's rather small.

Exits: south

Hidden Passage

The hallway opens up wider here. There are noticeable footprints scattered
about the slime on the floor.  There appears to be more rice crumbs
everywhere.  There is a strange glow on the floor of the cave here. It
appears to be covered with toxic sludge. You notice a large mark on the
wall.  Perhaps if you take a closer look at the mark, you might be able to
see what made it.

Exits: south, north

Hidden Passage

The tunnel curves west and north here.  Slime and toxic sludge mix to form
a very bright glowing green waste.  You notice a laser drill on the
ground.. well, what's left of it.  The parts left don't look useful, but
they still spark slightly.  Some stalactites have formed on the ceiling.

Exits: west, north

Hidden Passage

This passage opens up to a wide steel door that is stuck almost closed.
There is a huge empty clearing, where some sort of storage containers may
have sat.  You notice parts of rods cluttering the floor.  The slime and
sludge is relatively thick in large puddles.

Entrance to Secret dump site

The room feels funny, and smells odd. You notice a sturdy door that is
almost closed, but stuck.  Some sort of sticky slime is all over the place
here, leading into the room behind the door. You see a sign saying that the
cylindrical rods have been moved to the Reactor storeroom.  You hear
scraping noises somewhere close.

Exits: east

Hidden Dump site

The smell is horrible, you can barely breathe.  A quick survey of the room
shows you slime on everything, and almost a glow radiating from all the
slime. Your compass is vibrating a little, and mechanical gear hums softly.
You lift up your boot, but it's almost completely stuck to the ground.
There is an almost visible exit to the north, and then there's back through
the broken door, but the door looks like it may not hold out much longer
even with that sturdy pipe holding it open, the metal groans slightly.

Exits: north, east
